Today we are going to get every one of those random thoughts about games I've had on my mind onto the board. Here are the main ones:
- WASD camera navigation
- Save mechanisim
- action hotbar (1...=)
- Camera location macros
- selection macros
- hotkeys
- tool tips
- seeded random number generator
- path markers
- Stats interface for existing needs system

The other action items I've been thinking about are for the compiler/devops pipeline:
- Use browser native `import` statements
- npm browserify bundle
- consolidate kit code
- rename files to use new `lithp` or `lith` extension
- add error handling to repl environments. 
- new `import`, `include` and/or `require` macros to keep track of module dependencies.
- track file shasums and only regenerate changed lith.
## Doing the minimum

We need to work on the devops pipeline as a priority. It's starting to slow down development in other areas. It takes too long to build the code as it is now. I have been putting it off for a while now, I wanted a better idea of how I would do it. I'm following a rule of software engineering I learned somewhere, "Delay every possible decision". You may find that you don't even need to  make that decision. If you make a decision too early, you may get stuck with a bad decision you will later have to redecide, which usually costs more than not making the decision. If you arrive at that moment of redecision, what you've reached is the same moment of decision you'd have reached delaying the decision, only now you have two problems instead of one. You have the original problem, and the problem the incorrect decision has created.

## Piping the needle

The pipeline worked. It got me this far. It is already a rats nest.
Hacking new stuff onto that code was going to be a bad time. It needs to be redone. Rather, we need a new one, as the pipeline I have in mind is quite different from this one.

There are a few interfaces I wrote that I found looking at the REPL system. I made a pipeline type interface. It could take a list of other interfaces and chain them together.
it was chaining together the same pieces I am already using to compile then evaluating lith. It may also be a useful abstraction for working with threaded systems.

Playing oxygen not included, I decided to look at how much CPU the game was using. Answer is: Not a lot. 
It has at most 2 threads going. Probably one for the game loop, and another handling gpu related tasks.

If that game can do so much on one thread, I feel optimistic about my games ability to handle even more.

with so many modern games getting bottlenecked on the cpu, a game engine that is inheriently multi threaded could make a big splash.