Moving the code base away from browserify/commonjs is going to be a tedious process. I lament the notion of so much repeatition to end up with the same thing I started with. Sometimes we have to deal with this sort of thing. Browserify served us well for a very long time. Our project has since outgrown it, and the browser has evolved. Even webpack is a rather cruddy option when the import syntax is just right there. Maybe it'd be nice to have some extra control over the strings allowed, and have the ability to import node modules. We'll get there. I have a lot of code I have to refactor to work with import, and I moved all the kit code into this repository as well.

Once it all works with import, the startup time of the dev server will be much faster.

using a foriegn bundler, when I have a lisp? It really don't make much sense, I can use macros to organize my programs as I see fit. To get comfortable enough with the language to do that however, one never truly masters a language that is always changing. You beat a level, and you add on top of that, and now you have to master the new language you just made.

There is a bunch of not meta code that was a part of kit core. I don't think I was using it a lot. I am going to skip it for now, if the system breaks it'll tell me it was looking for that.

Infact, I should know just by going through every other file I know I am going to use.

With all of the lisp in one place now, I will see the references.

This is going to take a while.

I was so lazy back in the day. I'd just copy and paste shit I didn't want to bother writing modules for. If it's a project, then sure. Some times you just want to make a thing work and yea.

But these were parts of modules I have reused over and over again, and there is a lot of duplication going on.


Talking to myself about the things I am seeing as I work on this will be key to cleaning it all up. This code is 10 years in the making or so.
