# Stand up

Yesterday I completed an implementation of world generation on a web worker "thread". It's current model is 1 message in 1 message out, and the main thread asks for chunks to be generated as the character moves around. It does so by sending the players current tile coordinates. The web worker can figure out what tiles needs to be generated with only this information. It then geneerates a sector of chunks around the players coordinates and sends back every newly generated tile.

There is a problem with this. It takes too long to generate tiles to be waiting for the entire sector.

I implemented it this way after first having the main thread generate a list of tiles it wants and sending it back. I wanted to reduce communication overhead. I think it is enough to generate 1 chunk per message sent from the worker.

I need to implement a streaming response model. The Worker needs to be able to prioritizse chunks that are nearest to the player. 

Maybe I should send the players current direction, and his position? Then I could prioritize chunks in front of him. As I am writing this, I am thinking that thread could do with a priority queue, only thing is that I think that priorities might change often, and I am not sure about how that will effect the thread. 
Generation takes 8-13 seconds per chunk. I don't think reorganizing a queue will take longer than a few milliseconds. How large would the queue be?  I've been generating chunks in a 3x3,or is it 7x7? I think the n is a radius, not a diameter.

so 49 chunks per request. so it'd be log n depth?


```js
console.log(Math.log2(49 ))
```
```output
5.614709844115208
```

Oh the things we realize/learn/remember.

So the tree would be 5 to 6 nodes deep depending which branch.