yesterday I split the dev tool into parts and introduced pm2 so watching for indidivudal files changing, serving files, and compiling from scratch can happen on different threads.

For multithreading entities I've decided to just continue using the existing entity component framework and handle all entity/component creation/deletion in the main thread. These should not represent a large portion of the games run time, and we need these to syncronize states between systems.

I've decided I am going to organize the game's systems into a "system" and a "controller"

A system is a thing with some data, and an update function.
Usuaully update will be called once every tick.
There may be edge cases during optimization where systems are run conditionally, or some systems run with greater or lesser resolution than the game it's self.

A controller encapsulates the logic that happens inside of the update function.

The system encapsulates how that update function is going to get called and maintains the systems state.

This way I can organize game logic that is ready for multi threading, or main thread.
The system in either case is just responsible for keeping the data up to date and syncronizing it with everything else. That is just a call to `step` on the double buffer for the components it is registered with if the code is being run in it's own thread.

Using a combination of ecs and mvc, we are getting the cache locality and threadability of an ecs with the reduability and the composability benefits of an mvc.