We can use A* to navigate a signal graph and set priorities. Units will prioritize work using a score that includes distance, priority, and signals.

The behavior we want is for a unit to execute work orders efficiently. If there is a priority 1 task next to several priority 2 tasks, we'd want them to move to the priority 1 task, then to execute the nearby priority 2 tasks. There will be a look ahead on actions.

Unlike in rimworld the priorities will not be done in an order. Priorities are an additional weight added to the scoring system.

When an agent completes a task, the path it took will be added to a signal field associated with the category of the task.

Categories of tasks (not in order):
- Exploration
- construction
- grow
- self care
- doctoring
- mining
- cooking
- cleaning
- combat
- hunting
- training
- research
- hauling
- rescue
- first aid
- recration
- stocking

Additionally other qualities are included in the prioritization of tasks.

For example, a hunter will account for:
- Expected calories
- Expected distance to travel
- Quarry's threat level
- Risk tolerence of hunter
- Current food stock
- hunger

A task like hunting in our game will also not be so explicitly selected.
They will prioritize targets that are explicitly targeted, and there being explicitly marked orders for certain known animals will add in to the equation.

Unlike in rim world, there will be a fog of war. Parts of the map that are unknown.

When an agent does somthing, it will use A* to traverse the known graph space. A* can only work if there is a path from point A to B that has been explored. 

To start, agents will use ACO to search the world.

When A* is traversing the graph, when it encounters cells that has signal fields pointing away from the goal, it uses that as a positive weight heurisitic. IE it increases the cost of taking that path.

When the signal field is pointing towards the goal, it is a negative weight IE it decreases the cost of taking that path.

Actually, I guess you could always use A*. If there is no signal, then the signal is noise. So the node is randomly prioritized. A place holder value representing an unknown cost to taking that path.

So the heuristic for the A* path finding algorithim would be Euclidian distance+ signal weight + noise

With additional opertunity and risk costs. Opertunities are a negative cost.

To decide on action order, we traverse the graph using A* until we find an action item, or until we hit a traversal limit.

Maybe we can't always use A*

The algorithim has to start with ACO.

The graph is traversed randomly if there is not a current objective set until an actionable item is encountered. Then we start over from the starting location and we use A*

If there is an actionable item in the agents memory or sight, we start with that.
We'll call memory anything that has been revealed.

Like in other strategy games, the fog of war has two components. The areas that have not been explored, and areas that have been visited, but are not currently visible.

So the game starts with agents plopped into a random area on an infinitely sized generated map like in minecraft or factorio.

If there is an action item immediately visible in the starting area the agent starts with that.

Agents wander around the map until an action item is found. Once there is an action item, the agent nearest to it begins plotting a path with A*. The cost heuristic used to plot the path is Distance + Noise + signal

If there are mulitple known action items, we decide which one to act on using our O + C + D - P heuristic O= oppertunity C = Cost D= Distance P = action type priority.

Costs are:
- Agent dislikes the action
- proximity to threats (There are known threats surrounding the target)
- known threats in that direction (There is a threat along or near the straight line path)
- Immediate Agent needs not met by the action

Opertunities are:
- Agent likes the action
- proximity to other actions
- Known opertunities are along the straight line path
- Immediate agent needs are met by the action

cost/opertunity proximity is based on line of sight distance

Exploration has it's own priority and a base cost.

If no actions are less costly than exploration, the agent explores.
Exploration cost is based on total area already explored. If very little has been explored, exploration cost is low.

once an action has been selected, We begin traversing the graph using the heuristic D+S+N Where D is the distance the next node is from the target, S is the signal, N is noise we'll ignore local friction because that is included in the strength of a signal.

We traverse the graph either until we arrive at our target, we reach a maximum allowed number of steps. In either case, the location where the traversal ends becomes the agents current destination. If the target is found, the action is taken. 
Then the process starts over again, looking for a target, then traversing the graph to find a destination, and the agent moves there.

If an obstacle is encountered along the path, a threat emerges, or a lower action cost action is in lign of sight, the movement is canceled and the process starts over again.


Using a system like this, we can create behavior that is not possible in rimworld. For example, a pyromaniac doesn't have to be totally incapable of putting out a fire. He knows how to put them out same as everyone else, he just doesn't want to. But if someone he really cared about was in that fire, he may be more inclined. This way he won't prioritize fires because you, the player, prioritizes fire fighting, but because he does.